docs/index.md, before:

```{toctree}
:hidden:
:caption: Introduction

Installation <introduction/installation>
Settings <introduction/settings>
Usage <introduction/usage>
```

![](../header.jpg)

# PLACEHOLDER
PLACEHOLDER

## 🧑‍🏫 About
PLACEHOLDER

## 👷 Contributing
We welcome contributions from the community! If you'd like to contribute to this project, please read our [contribute file](https://www.github.com/ShapescapeMC/PLACEHOLDER/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for guidelines on how to get started.

## 🗒️ License
This project is licensed under the GNU v.3.0 License - see the [LICENSE](https://github.com/ShapescapeMC/PLACEHOLDER/blob/main/LICENSE) file for details.

This license ensures that the tool remains open source, while still allowing you to use the generated content in your commercial Minecraft projects.

## ⚒️ Other Filters And Tools
You can find the all filters and tools on our organisation page [https://www.github.com/ShapescapeMC](https://www.github.com/ShapescapeMC).

## 📧 Contact
For questions, suggestions, or support, please reach out via mail to [contact@shapescape.com](mailto:contact@shapescape.com)

Commit message:

Copied filter code from the original repository and added the documentation.

docs/index.md, after:

```{toctree}
:hidden:
:caption: Introduction

Installation <introduction/installation>
Usage <introduction/usage>
```

![](../header.jpg)

# Shapescape Content Guide Generator World Settings
Regolith filter for generating `world_settings.md` template file for content_guide_generator based on `release_config.json` file.

## 👷 Contributing
We welcome contributions from the community! If you'd like to contribute to this project, please read our [contribute file](https://www.github.com/ShapescapeMC/Shapescape-Content-Guide-Generator-World-Settings/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for guidelines on how to get started.

## 🗒️ License
This project is licensed under the GNU v.3.0 License - see the [LICENSE](https://github.com/ShapescapeMC/Shapescape-Content-Guide-Generator-World-Settings/blob/main/LICENSE) file for details.

This license ensures that the tool remains open source, while still allowing you to use the generated content in your commercial Minecraft projects.

## ⚒️ Other Filters And Tools
You can find the all filters and tools on our organisation page [https://www.github.com/ShapescapeMC](https://www.github.com/ShapescapeMC).

## 📧 Contact
For questions, suggestions, or support, please reach out via mail to [contact@shapescape.com](mailto:contact@shapescape.com)
